CH1)
1)
dead, debt, get, date, dates, came, take, ate, egg, aim, eight,
balm, calm, palms, cab, back, alms, add, am, same, sad, days, daze, case,
name, neck, men, cane, red, read, rein, reign, rein, rare, car, tears,
bed, mad, air, heir, peg, nap, eggs, ran, raid, are, aid, said, as, ass,
take, rack, beg, calms, cape, cap, ache, sat, met, bad, main, mane, mates, net
gate, gait, pet, sack
Take a map. An egg. I ate it. I met them. Sam is dead.

2) 
deck, car, rain, palm, cape, bags, same, Ann, paid, name, pass maid,
gas, net, snap, aid, made, tape, are, sake, days, as, gape, set, map, ebb,
cakes, pays, air, game, pace, rate, pack, guess, tears, pen, nape, aims, bake, 
ass, ape
Mail them. I came back. I ate a pear. I read it. I am sad. An ass is dead.
I take a nap. Eight palms. A rag.

CH2)
a)-f)
wave, whale, fast, desk, quest, spend
god, coke, bought, odd, oak, ought, fur, bus, err, us,
stood, booze, ooze, mule, yule, the, to, too, had, do

3) well, whale, wale, wait, weight, veil, vein, vain, gave, leg, lake, let, fell,
fame, fate, scale, desk, task, quake, qualms, quail, lend, land, end, stake, steak,
fast, stem, spade, gasp, span, boat, bought, dock, on, own, cuff, one, err, cook,
goose, tube, news, use
skate, fat, stone, fed, wave, waive, duck, stood, smell, as, ass, lane,
lain, smoke, lose, loose, else, room, wed, score, fund, stand, quote, suit, us,
lads, duke, sail, sale, ghost, star, spur, vast, snake, dog, lack, ale, ail, cure,
cut, tend, lame, cask, step, wound, face, ask, laws, loss, waste, waist, use,
wasp, or, oar, bag, top, muse, mews, stain, sought, sot, quack
The man had a dog. It is too late. An ode. The lad ought to take 
more care. Do it soon. I gave them the cakes.

4) mood, air, vote, cup, loan, rasp, dust, door, last, quote, ode, add,
spun, yule, past, stock, name, rats, tales, school, stop, sown, musk, most,
spare, elk, quest, rose, pure, us, noon, bend, fought, wall, ooze, goal, eight,
stool, coast, space, spoke, cough, asp, tought, poor.
The goose came as far as the road. I had to walk to the pond. I must
do it. Tom is a bad lad. It is too small. I gave them eight eggs. The gulls are
back. On the spot. The air is cool. Let us talk to them. Quote it. Put a pen
on the desk. use the spoon. An oar.

CH3)
a)-f)
hedge, hangs, hang, fans, ranks, rank, 
sink, beast, ink, east, pile, fire, isle, ire, foul, owl,
boil, oil, be, but, we, what, was, would, with, very
5)
jail, edge, joke, ham, haste, hope, rang, tongue, song, sons, hence,
hens, fans, bank, sunk, tank, beer, bier, east, fill, feel, five, ice, eyes, wire,
found, our, hour, coin, oil.
tone, look, page, hat, down, scan, spend, lodge, noise, wisp, pound,
ill, eel, loaf, ire, store, scout, out, ring, wring, dune, got, goat, pen, pence, pens,
monk, help, home, haulm, just, moist, am hide, queens, quince, hang, voice,
half, June, cease, sees, seas, seize, eat, fowl, foul, cast, gun, hedge, sins, since,
scenes, beef, gin, dine, oil, soil, near.
We came late last night. I was bound to telle them the news. I was
here but once. It would be very nice to take a walk down to the lake. What
had we to do with it? What time is it? The room is too small.

6) 
ledge, read, are, here, age, sour, wig, sound, quite, sank, gong, husk,
skunk, fume, stove, seen, quick, oil, pending, job, hand, ire, kill, ease, stout,
wrong, coins, pink, nor, sweet, air, taste, spot, ought, boot, huge, runs, nest,
hiss, hire, gown, boil, ounce, heat, join, owl, star, once.
The wood on the isle was dear, but I bought it. I found the wine to 
be too sour. I would do it on the spot. Give the monk the book. The wheat
is ripe. I hear the noise. Give us our eight pence back. We use the same
knife. The oil was very bad. The swans are near the hedge. The duke was 
sick last week. It rains. Quite near the house is a very big oak. To be wrong.
The Far East. We met them near the hut. To add. Our task is done. The rest
is with him. What had we to do?

CH4)
a-d)
camp, vex, yet, cold, village, card, carriage, politics,
better, postal, vigorous, vigours, appear, emperor,
can, could he, have, who, how, all, always

7)
camp, jump, emperor, axe, box, mix, access, ox, yes, yoke, young,
golf, seems, park, burst, asks, bearing, volume, tonic, timid, omnipotence,
office, disarm, season, equalize, answer, postal, disappear, about, barbers,
barbarous.
Limpid, use, yarn, stipulate, parade, embark, appearence, axes, axis, 
village, ounce, woman, handicap, avoid, oysters, collar, amuse, council,
observe, ledger, fox, gown, rank, sensitive, average, assign, empire, aquatic,
capitalist, eleven, federal, sex, hamster, iron, latitude, masculine, swings,
nurse, obelisc, year, urban, verdure, verger, whisper, voluminous, dangers,
dangerous, reason, asking.
We live above them. Her dwelling seems to be very dark. Come 
along with us. What was the matter with the officer? His son is a very polite
young man. I was just six years old. I am to do it. I would fight him. Yes, we
can read German. He had very often spoken to us about it. I am bad, but he
is worse. Who is it? All is well. How did he dare to come! Too late! He could
arrange to live with us during the last four weeks. I find the film very good.
We have seen them pass.

8) 
Urging, journal, timber, jumper, sales, zealous, bombard, pomps,
pompous, cigar, ancestor, numeral, offend, stamping, usurp, suffering, embalm,
boxer, yearning, tempest, analaogic, disappear, oxidate, sequence, scandal,
pulverize, messenger, majestic, jealous, ironical, emancipate, eating,
disaccord, coiner, correspondence, assist, oyster, accidence.
Who can tell! It would be better to leave them alone. It was about time
we did it. Six years hence. The Japanese Empire is very populous. Could we
but get rare foreign stamps! I am an hour late. We all did it with one accord.
The boys are waiting near the school. When it rains we take a carriage. The
firs on the island are very old. The whole affair seems very queer to us. I 
have put more oil on the swollen foot. Our neighbour, the young minister, is
ill. What number was it? I suppose the foreigner is an American banker. The 
gardener had bought five spades. How warm it was last night! What is he 
but an usurper? Let him do it. He speaks too loud.

CH5)
a-d)
fact, kept, left, felt, next, part, sent, tempt, partner, against, sanctified,
waited, webbed, bed, cared, carried.
has, so, some, this, these, not, no, than, then, up, in

9)
tact, aspect, nocturnal, optic, aptitude, sculptor, gift, lift, soft, text, sixteen,
apart, sport, advertising, went, account, mercantile, attempt, symptom,
knelt, filter, altitude, distinct, monster, square, hated, tired, used, learned,
parted, fainted, allowed, followed, died, dyed.
Next, squire, asked, oiling, hired, apt, lifting, tempting, yielded, using,
effort, illuminated, multitude, isolated, bowed, mixed, udder, carter, succeeding,
offenders, beggar, sinking, ours, hours, ruled, winter, pumped, satisfied,
hurried, spent, appoint, bill, captivate, optimist, suspected, countenance,
acquaint, damaged, managers, manageress.
Not a sound was to be heard. The lieutenant has not yet arrived. Is 
it right so? No, it is not. We had a very good dinner. What must I do in this
case? Come up. I must get them to take these letters to the post. He who
does not listen to advice, cannot be helped. What is the matter with the
young man? What is he after? I could have answered this letter sooner. I am 
bigger than James, but Tom is the biggest. I would not give him the sixteen
pounds. His sister had heard about it. All have waited. Write us how our
aunt is getting on. Put some salt in the soup. The actor started too late. First 
he left us, then he came back again.

10) 
Gifted, sexton, corrupt, sentence, married, loft, acquaintance, opportune,
malt reptile, altered, died, hallowed, arts, minster, pointed, hearted,
earned, advised, edged, salt, fantastic, symptom, optimism, yellowed, equivalent,
dictate, carter.
Iron is harder than gold. Painting in oils is very difficult. Our parents
have accepted this offer. Who can take a walk with us after dinner? This 
ribbon costs sixteen pence a yard. Has he known the famous sculptor long?
Even the doctor seemed to be satisfied. He was the best cook we had. I can
tell them what has happened in the last six years. Give us some water, but 
it must not be too cold. Hands up! Well, then , let us sing these amusing
songs again. What would he like to have? I was tempted to do it. I could
not avoid it. He gave a jump. Who knows the right number? We used to 
spend our holidays in the mountains. How smart all these young ladies are!
Quite as well. Is he against us? So do we. He is an imbecile. No more. 

CH6)
a-e)
thank, shot, cheque, feather, cashmere, further, faith, ash, forth, 
bother, both, pushed, push, usher, youth,
teach, south, neither, feverish, each, itch, either,
which, they, that, shall, should, other

11)
thick, mother, path, smith, smooth, ether, ethical, further, youth,
fifth, share, push, pushed, fish, wished, ashes, ashamed, social, usurer, superstitious,
anxious, officious, differential, chain, catch, beech, beach, bitch,
couch, riches, reaches, teacher, merchandise, picture, venture.
those, acknowledge, natural, rather, sure, length, sententious, child,
think, either, thousand, suspicious, farthing, partial, watch, scorched, difficulties,
shouting, fortune, loquacious, events, corrupt, kitchens, measured,
earth, official, touch, vexatious, ambitious, each, itch, artificial, essential, inch,
usher, sixteenth, garnish, youngish, impatient, fifteenth, boisterous, huge,
chance, ashore, temptatious, impact, items, capture.
After supper we had a short game, then we went to bed. He would
not shake hands with us. This horse is too old. So we shall be with them very
soon. It seems that this sailor has had an adventurous life. All that I can tell
is that he was not here. What could they do? These boys do nothing but laufh.
Who is next? We sailed up the river. In which house did they live? On the
other side. How have they passed the night? I should like to have some beef.
Is he older than Jack? He had no time to read the book.

12)
Chartered, each, banish, etching, sketcher, judicious, eighteenth, 
impoverish, butchers, ash, orthodox, health, Irish, whether, squash, choice,
thumb, speech, rupture, northern, polished, chapter, authentic, itching, theft, 
shelter, finisher, furniture, pinched, southern, future, cautious, change,
monkish, catch, superficial, thunder, shortage.
These first attempts are, to be sure, rather difficult. Get up. An hour
after our arrival we hurried to a dance. As the offer was too disadvantageous,
the Irish merchant could not accept it. More than that! This is the letter
which he has written in such haste. Who is he? We thought they would send
us some younger agent. How nice the landscape looked! To the point. His
ash fell on the chair. So I shall not fail to tell them all about this very
important matter. I might have spoken to him. I should like to hear that
they are all quite well. These dogs are biting each other. What had he to 
laugh about? We do not think the postage was sufficient. Use, but don't 
abuse. Did he have a talk with the doctor the next morning? This author is 
an ambitious man. Can I come? No, madam. Well then, take it.


CH7)
a-b)
villa, pay, tea, high, eye, cow, boy,
go, woo, due, payer, highest, towel, widower, duel,
and, you, at, if, of, off

13) 
day, lay, laying, stay, stayer, eh, aye, gala, paying, aerial, me fee, easy,
real, seeing, my, pie, lion, verifying, mama, cow, now, allow, allowance, power,
boy, boyish, joy, joyous, bow, low, law, lowering, borrow, borrower, widow,
owe, oh, awe, pooh, Jew, jewel, woo, wooing, few, new, newest, value, valuer.
Meadow, oily, avenue, noisy, she, violent, opinions, widower, empty,
coward, qualified, alloy, realist, itchy, echo, roomy, fiftieth, hay, Jewish, viewer,
bamboo, papa, squally, serious, idealized, sceptre, monkey, weighing,
lower, say, yesterday, imperious, toward, ski, thirtieth, stupefy, window, agency,
usual, maximum, piano, ivory, bow, sixty, armoury, county, factory, sparrow,
officiate, guilty, chew, loyal, onion, by, bye, buy, oozy.
We shall have it wet. If I could but see him. What of that? This 
house is to be let. An accident. He was very good to them. Would to heaven!
How are they? Has he had his money? Not at all. To which boy shall I give
these pens? Now and then. The lady looked up with a smile. And so on. I have
no money with me. The other day. Who has done it? You shall do it. I can 
no longer stay with you. Fifty years or so. I should like her. Better a word
in time that two afterwards. Off and on. That is too long a story. Have some tea.

14)
Champion, anew, diphteria, emptier, scientifical, Yankee, towered, 
may, boyish, aerial, boundary, sea, oily, neighing, squeaky, toe, avow, casualty,
shoe, ultimo, fusty, eye, lower, sky, worthy, ewe, embargo, atheist, European,
shifty, science, outstay, punctilious, thundery, embassy, ardency.
The two ladies felt quite cold in the empty room. It is no use calling
to see the buyer next Wednesday. Papa, this board is an inch too short. She
found it in the kitchen. This door is on the latch. Here is some ham, and
here are some oysters, which shall I offer her first? How do you like them?
Well, sit down, then. In spite of his poverty the young widower is the gayest
and most amusing fellow on earth. The boy looked as if he had seen a
spectre. After a while our ambassador left the mortuary. Even if she would, 
she could not go with us now. Knowledge is power. So be it. What is the 
name of that very high iron building near the school? He called and paid
the mony. is that all? Can these soiled goods which we sent you not be 
accepted? The umpire was not up to his task. Who is at the door? You should
not think so. Less than nothing. They have a bad opinion of each other. Is 
this the new way to the charming villa? But who else would have done it?
Off side. By day and night. He has fallen ill.

CH8)
a-b)
bread, Henry, slave, girl, cartridge, drive, hungry, simple, thread,
will, there, their, ever, over, under, for, fore, where, were

15)
Bring, black, dream, middle, cream, close, clause, claws, flag, freight,
glad, green, grin, pride, plate, trade, cattle, sleep, slip, angle, straight, spleen,
spring, scratch, shrink, throat, spindle, laundry, angry, Israel, uncle, trample,
world, country, gentle, ultramarine, axle, myrtle.
Idle, yearling, threshold, strand, draft, draught, whistle, outrage, brewery,
flinch, usable, quadrangle, ethos, ultramontane, cavalry, blow, promptitude,
sprinkling, textile, hungry, empress, frying, scrambling, bundle, article,
trousers, crept, brow, flower, employ, mantle, praying, cloth, clothe, flew, flue,
entry, athlete, clay, abroidery, cried, shrewish, cry, glacial, crucifix, principle,
objected.
Will you have some apples? Please read it over. What time shall we 
be there? It is all up with him. So there! How is it that they have not had
their dinner yet? It is no good. He has told them which is which. The dog lies
there. This is our brother's other house. For ever. They were at play. Who is 
to bring them that very disagreeable message? I would do it if I had time.
She was in and out. These girls have made too big a fire. If I could but find
out where he has gone. We stayed there for four years. He waited for more 
than an hour. The bridge is of stone.

16)
Truth, breeches, brownish, playing, glorious, slept, turtle, frequent,
impracticable, created, idler, princess, altruism, earl, screen, pleasantry,
flash, wrinkle, axle, swindled, strength, embrocate, little, throw, humble,
triangle, employer, sample, agreeable, spray, splinter, dry, obstacle.
The stranger found the gate off the hinges. All you can do is to
hurry. This will be my first attempt at writing a letter in English. Who 
has ever seen any animals other than foxes in this part of the country?
After that she kept up with her friend. "You may well say so", he cried,
"but what if he were a swindler?" Splendid! And where did you buy these 
valuable embroideries? You could have told him the truth. Is their uncle an
orthodox preacher? You shall have the new suit by three o'clock next Friday
afternoon. Do you like jewelry? How is it that the actress has no flowers on
the table? Our children had the measles. The empress and the two queens
passed under the triumphal arch. Would you like to have some poultry? Arab
horses are the swiftest in the world. You should not be angry with them over
such a trifle. This young employee was the most credulous man we had ever
had. As a boy, he was gentle but very idle. I too took him for his brother.
There are the sketches, then! They had the same ideas. Which way shall we go?

CH9)
a)
behave, demand, remain, circumference, subagent, uneasy, unripe,
unlike, excuse, extradite, inexact, deodorize, react, circumambient,
prorogue, from, your, perhaps, contrary, general, never, necessary

17)
Begin, belong, bereaved, debark, deliver, derail, deodorizer, recover,
release, re-read, reanimate, circumnavigate, circumambulate, submit, subalpine,
unpack, unrest, unlike, unimaginable, exchange, express, exercise, 
extravagance, extraditable, inland, insist, redemand, re-resolve, re-export,
unbecoming, undetermined, independent, unregarded, unexpected, arise.
Unriddle, ounce, unemployed, destroy, henry, subway, unfinished,
dextral, arbitrage, reassemble, removable, exalting, defunct, unattempted,
identifiable, uncurl, reimport, experienced, redraft, paying, betrothal, subdue,
undescribable, israelite, reunion, unrighteous, induce, unwrinkled, oppress,
declarable, extravagant, unbefriended, decentralize, candles, untruth, umbra,
below, unyielding, deoxidize, subscribe, bestrew, altruist, single, tower,
refluent, ungracious, require, deny, rehearsal, unrecounted, circumambiency,
resplendent.
They were in water up to their knees. Waht a contrary wind we have
had this morning! He did not know if he could go with them. Who should enter 
the room but your friend? That ship is under sail. Where can I buy all these
very necessary things for my journey? No other sounds were heard. She has
waited for ever so long. Never mind! There and back. In general your garden
is prettier than mine. We stood for some time lost in ecstasy at this sight.
You will be late. It was so perhaps in days of old, but how different it is at
present! I hope that I shall hear from you now and then. Take off your gloves!
Let them do as they like. Would to God that my parents were here. All is over.
Which road must we take? He is an unpleasant fellow. You may be right. That
was carrying it too far.

18)
Unriddle, betrayer, unsling, refresh, redelivery, beyond, unexplained,
unbowed, bewitching, circumscribe, removal, experts, defiance, subjoined,
begun, resplendent, extravagant, subject, unscrew, destroyer, remembrance,
unreasonable, review, unfurl, reclothe, rearm, unhealthy, exigent, unshrinking,
require, unhappy, unacceptable, unrecounted, relax, insurance.
The boys reappeared contrary to the orders of their teacher. Over
night. What is the matter with him that he looks so angry? I shall not expect
them till I hear from you. Have you slept off your anger? Perhaps she would
be unable to do it now. The draft was payable at sight. He has written on the
same subject as your brother. The unscrupulous scoundrel, who had fled, was
caught and imprisoned. This piano is quite out of tune. All these very
disagreeable circumstances have deprived our unlucky mama of her usual
good appetite for dinner. No man was ever more altruistic or more high
splendid example. Unwritten law. Where can I get some empty bottles?
Waitress, will you bring me a glass of whisky, if you please, but it must be
extra-strong. The French army could not take the other fortress by force.
Which toy belongs to their little nephew? They paid three shillings each. If
you do not wish to go bankrupt, it will be necessary for you to give up
people under sixteen pay half the entrance fee. An unreleased slave. We
would advise Henry to accept that post. I should think so. Too late! Never
do things by halves! He lives on his income.
