Schweizer Stenograf 2019, Nr. 4 (Seite 24, Übertragung Englisch)

<br>
Jims story is a wake-up call to us all, reminding us that our lives can change in a instant. One
day, Jim, the owner of a store in a sleepy town somewhere in the States, was looking up when a young couple wandered
in. The woman went for the potato chips, while the man, who was masked, pointed a gun at him and told
him to hand over the cash. Jim put his hands up and backed away. The robber emptied the cash drawer, managing
to take only about 300 dollars, as he was leaving, however, he noticed that his girl friend was not masked, or
perhaps she had taken her mask off to eat the potato chips. Deciding that he needed to eliminate Jim,
as a whitness, the robber fired five shots at Jim before fleeing.
<br>
As Jim tells the story, he fell to the floor, thinking to himself: "So, this is what it feels like to be a
goner." When he realised, however, that he was still alive and wasn't a goner after all, he dragged himself
to the phone and dialed 911. Within minutes, seemingly out of nowhere, numerous police arrived, along 
with ambulance, which rushed Jim to hospital.
<br>
Over the next couple of days, he had several operations, but the doctors determined that it would be best to
leave all the bullets in his body. Even he hasn't fully recovered, Jim is back in this (?) store.
The criminals, on the other hand, are in jail. It seems that they weren't very experienced at their trade.
One might expect that they would have tried to get as far as possible after thinking they had just
murdered someone. Instead, they drove to a nearby town hall to apply for a marriage license. As
luck would have it, one of the detectives investigating the case recognized their car and caught the pair,
who immediately admitted what they had done.
<br>
Jim is incredibly calm when he tells the story. He knows how lucky he is, and no longer takes his life for
granted. He wakes up each morning, thankful to be alive and thankful for his family and friends.

